our next mission
gee Batman but this is a strip club
exactly but the quiet evening good thing
master Wayne will show up anytime soon
uh what does it matter it's not like
someone's going to come in and rob the
place and kill me stop talking to
yourself second and give me the money
before I break you will too I really
wish master Wayne will show up right now
stop wishing and feel the pain of pain
over the PlayStation let's go Beauford
we came as fast as we could
where's the PlayStation PlayStation is
fine mr. Wayne I lied because if I told
you the truth then you would have never
have came Alfred so you got blood stains
all over this towel and you lied to me
what a bitch
ah good evening master Wayne Oh -
Alfred's wait a second if you're the
wheel off word that makes that going
bitch Joker I knew you were here all
along now it's time to put your gay
crimes and J you shouldn't be calling
people gay you faggot stop it Joker
all right Joker Batman doesn't kill but
I do what's that supposed to mean
this great war Alfred no let's go
clubbing